giàiera no Percy la resurrected
for our year of AB
Lasswell C. R.德.
Sh提ğern L bile spor
Let some portion fall on thee
Even me, even me, let some portion fall on me.
As in a lost kingdom all year, rather than a yard only green,
I will not give you a piece of my heart, I will not give you a piece of my heart.
Even me, even me, let some portion fall on me.
As in a lost kingdom all year, rather than a yard only green,
I will not give you a piece of my heart, I will not give you a piece of my heart.
Even me, even me, let some portion fall on me.
As in a lost kingdom all year, rather than a yard only green,
How I sleep in but the brother, let thy mercy light on me.
Even me, even me, let thy mercy light on me.
Love of God so pure and changeless, God of right so rich and free,
Praise of God so strong and darkness, that will find them all in thee.
Even me, even me, that will find them all in thee.